more than 1.3 million people are crammed
into Southern Gaza near the border with
Egypt now Israeli forces are closing in
on
them R had gone out to get water she was
14 years old Israeli snipers shot her in
front of the Nasser Hospital in
kanun people tried to rescue her but
they had to flee for cover leaving her
behind now fearing the snipers this is
what those Sheltering at a school are
having to do to get some
water even further south in Rafa where
Palestinians were told to shelter
Israeli war planes have killed several
people we were at home and the house has
three floors with a large number of
residents suddenly we were hit by a
rocket from an Israeli
plane again A Mother's
tears a friend's lost
goodbye and a prayer send away the
dead some of those who survived say us
involvement is not
helping every visit from blinkin instead
of calming things down it would just
make things worse we get more strikes we
get more bombing and the US is the main
participant and leader of the war
against the Palestinian people they are
the ones helping the Zionist entity with
weapons and ammunition and participating
in the genocide of the Palestinian
people a cloud of leaflets fell across
the skies of derl balah in central Gaza
ordering people there not to return to
the north of the strip but they don't
tell Palestinians where to go to find
safety IPM gfood Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from from
Al
jazer